docs/src/manual/primitives.md, before:

# Representing Primitives 
In this package, we need methods for representing points, edges, triangles, and boundaries. By default, we provide a simple interface for defining these primitives, typically treating these primitives as:

- Points: `Vector{NTuple{2, Float64}}` or `Matrix{Float64}`, where in the latter case points are defined by the columns of the matrix. Where mutability is needed, typically the former is preferred as an `ElasticMatrix` from `ElasticMatrix.jl` is needed if a matrix is used instead.
- Edges: `Set{NTuple{2, Int}}`.
- Triangles: `Set{NTuple{3, Int}}`.
- Boundaries: The recommended way to represent a boundary depends on the type, as described in the [Representing Boundaries](boundaries.md) section. For a contiguous boundary, `Vector{Int}` is preferred; for a boundary with a single sectioned curve, `Vector{Vector{Int}}` is preferred; for a boundary with multiple disjoint sections, `Vector{Vector{Vector{Int}}}` is preferred.

For defining new methods, as discussed in [this tutorial](../tutorials/custom_primitive.md) and this [API reference](../api/primitives.md), there are many methods that could be overloaded. When defining these methods, though, there are some important things to consider:

- Points are constantly being accessed via index, so a vector-like structure is recommended, and fixed-size tuples (like `Tuple` or a `SVector` from StaticArrays.jl) are recommended for individual points. For mutability, e.g. in the case of refinement or translating points with centroidal Voronoi tessellations, you of course want a mutable structure.
- Edges and triangles are never accessed via index, so a vector-like structure is not needed. Instead, these collections are always being used for finding specific objects and for deleting/pushing objects, so a set-like structure is highly recommended. For individual edges and triangles, fixed-size tuples of length 2 and 3, respectively, are recommended.
- `Int` is recommended to be used for vertices, like in an edge or a triangle, and for coordinates `Float64` is highly recommended. As discussed in the [Geometrical Predicates](predicates.md) section, the use of `Float64` is important for the robustness of the algorithms in this package - using `Float32` is highly likely to lead to errors or infinite loops in the algorithms.

Of course, how you implement the methods for your custom types comes down to what you need. 

For using these methods inside [`triangulate`](@ref), you need to specify all types other than the point used for points, as described in its docstring.

Commit message:

Provide a choice of predicate kernel. Make AdaptivePredicates.jl the new default (#165)

docs/src/manual/primitives.md, after:

# Representing Primitives 
In this package, we need methods for representing points, edges, triangles, and boundaries. By default, we provide a simple interface for defining these primitives, typically treating these primitives as:

- Points: `Vector{NTuple{2, Float64}}` or `Matrix{Float64}`, where in the latter case points are defined by the columns of the matrix. Where mutability is needed, typically the former is preferred as an `ElasticMatrix` from `ElasticMatrix.jl` is needed if a matrix is used instead.
- Edges: `Set{NTuple{2, Int}}`.
- Triangles: `Set{NTuple{3, Int}}`.
- Boundaries: The recommended way to represent a boundary depends on the type, as described in the [Representing Boundaries](boundaries.md) section. For a contiguous boundary, `Vector{Int}` is preferred; for a boundary with a single sectioned curve, `Vector{Vector{Int}}` is preferred; for a boundary with multiple disjoint sections, `Vector{Vector{Vector{Int}}}` is preferred.

For defining new methods, as discussed in [this tutorial](../tutorials/custom_primitive.md) and this [API reference](../api/primitives.md), there are many methods that could be overloaded. When defining these methods, though, there are some important things to consider:

- Points are constantly being accessed via index, so a vector-like structure is recommended, and fixed-size tuples (like `Tuple` or a `SVector` from StaticArrays.jl) are recommended for individual points. For mutability, e.g. in the case of refinement or translating points with centroidal Voronoi tessellations, you of course want a mutable structure.
- Edges and triangles are never accessed via index, so a vector-like structure is not needed. Instead, these collections are always being used for finding specific objects and for deleting/pushing objects, so a set-like structure is highly recommended. For individual edges and triangles, fixed-size tuples of length 2 and 3, respectively, are recommended.
- `Int` is recommended to be used for vertices, like in an edge or a triangle, and for coordinates `Float64` is highly recommended. As discussed in the [Geometrical Predicates](predicates.md) section, the use of `Float64` is important for the robustness of the algorithms in this package - using `Float32` is highly likely to lead to errors or infinite loops in the algorithms; as of v1.1.0, the use of `AdaptiveKernel()` predicate kernel makes issues from `Float32` less likely.

Of course, how you implement the methods for your custom types comes down to what you need. 

For using these methods inside [`triangulate`](@ref), you need to specify all types other than the point used for points, as described in its docstring.
